Changelog 174 (#156)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2022-07-11-changelog-174.markdown

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-174/metavariable-rename" w="700px" %}

* [#8850] Detect more cases by `Borrow checker` inspection

  <img src="/assets/posts/changelog-174/more-borrow-checker-annotations.png" alt="More borrow checker annotations" width="700px">

* [#8972] Detect [E0429](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0429) and [E0431](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0431) compiler errors

## Performance Improvements

* [#8985] Invalidate fewer caches after changes in macro call bodies.
  This speeds up completion and highlighting performance when typing in macro calls

* [#8981] Slightly speed up type inference

* [#8978] Don't invalidate caches in dependency crates on changes in workspace code

* [#8977] Don't trigger the indexing mode when typing in non-recursive macro calls

## Fixes

* [#8977] Show completion popup when typing in a macro automatically as in common code.
  Previously, you had to invoke completion via <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Space</kbd> manually

> * [#8979] Fix false-positive unresolved reference in explicit type-qualified associated member path like `<S as module::Trait>::convert(S)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8979] Fix false-positive unresolved references in type-qualified paths to associate members, e.g. `<S as module::Trait>::convert(S)`
```

> * [#8967] Fix method picking with any allowed [self type](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/reference/items/associated-items.html?highlight=self#methods) like `Rc`, `Pin`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8967] Resolve methods properly when [`self`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/reference/items/associated-items.html?highlight=self#methods) type can be arbitrary, e.g. `Rc`, `Pin`, etc.
```

Reviewer 2: But it cannot be `arbitrary` that's why I changed the initial text

Reviewer: Oh right, I see now. Maybe this would be better:
```suggestion
* [#8967] Properly resolve methods with specified [`self`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/reference/items/associated-items.html?highlight=self#methods) parameter type, e.g. `self: Rc<Self>`
```

* Improvements of procedural macro expansion:

>   * [#8989] Fix explanation messages why a procedural macro call has not been expanded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#8989] Fix error messages explaining why a procedural macro call has not been expanded
```

>   * [#8991] Fix deserialization of messages produced by procedural macro expander in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#8991] Fix deserialization of certain messages produced by procedural macro expander
```

  Note, procedural macro expansion is disabled by default for now.
  To turn it on, enable `org.rust.cargo.evaluate.build.scripts` and `org.rust.macros.proc` [experimental features](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-faq.html#experimental-features)

## Internal Improvements

> * Improvements in new project model reloading approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvements in the new approach to project model reloading:
```
However, it might be still not clear what are the new and old approaches. Should we mention `org.rust.cargo.new.auto.import`?

Reviewer 2: I think it's ok since it's the internal section
The more detailed explanation will be in the release changelog since we've enabled new project model reloading in master

> 

Reviewer: Redundant empty line? (there is no line after "Improvements of procedural macro expansion")

  * [#8960], [#8987] Update or suggest updating the project model on changes in [Cargo config](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html),

>     [rust-toolchain](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file) and [build script](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html) files using new project model auto import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [rust-toolchain](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file) and [build script](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html) files. This feature is based on the new project model auto import, which can be enabled via `org.rust.cargo.new.auto.import` registry key and available since IDE version 2022.2.
```

Reviewer: Alright, then maybe just separate the long sentence, because "changes ... using" looks confusing

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop `using new project model auto import` since it duplicates info from parent item

>   * [#8980] Provide a specific icon for a floating button about changes in the project model in Rust projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#8980] Provide a new icon for the floating button notifying about the changes in the Rust projects' model
```
BTW do we have a specific name for that button, maybe `Reload Changes`? Would be nice if we could refer to this button without mentioning much info

Reviewer 2: It seems we don't have a specific name for it, at least, I don't know it

* [#8946] Add a registry flag to enable native Rust support in MSVC LLDB on Windows.
  Note, the implementation at this point is experimental and might cause LLDB crashes in certain cases

> * [#8850] Implement type adjustments in the type system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8850] Implement type adjustments in the internal Rust type system
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe `plugin's type inference engine` is better here?

> * [#8705] Automatically suggest generated struct names based on their fields in JSON import after paste (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8705] Automatically suggest generated struct names after paste, based on their fields in JSON import (by [@Kobzol])
```

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-174/metavariable-rename" w="700px" %}

* [#8850] `Borrow checker` inspection now detects more cases of move errors when a type overloads dereference operator. Among the new supported types are smart pointers (`Box`, `Rc`, etc.) and user-defined types implementing `Deref` trait

  <img src="/assets/posts/changelog-174/more-borrow-checker-annotations.png" alt="More borrow checker annotations" width="700px">

* [#8972] Detect [E0429](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0429) and [E0431](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0431) compiler errors

## Performance Improvements

* [#8985] Speed up completion and highlighting when typing in macro calls, thanks to fewer cache invalidations

* [#8981] Slightly speed up type inference

* [#8978] Do not invalidate caches of dependency crates on workspace code changes

* [#8977] Do not trigger the indexing mode when typing in non-recursive macro calls

## Fixes

* [#8977] Show completion popup automatically when typing in macro calls.
  Now there is no need to press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Space</kbd> to invoke completion manually.

>   Note, this change works only if the corresponding macro doesn't invoke other macros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note, this change works only if the corresponding macro does not invoke other macros
```
